'All right, this question is about mammals. Let me try to explain to you guys what mammals are. Most mammals have fur or hair on their bodies, and when they have babies, they don’t lay eggs, the babies are born alive!',
'Can you imagine being able to breathe under water! Some animals thrive underwater or by the water’s edge.',
'How cool would it be to actually fly',
'Let's talk about pets! I even have some at home! I have a silly little clownfish named Nemo and my fluffy dog Max.',
'So the next question is about carnivores. A carnivore is an animal that only eats meat. Examples of these animals are lions and sharks, but also  those really cute ladybugs only eat meat, as they only eat other insects.',
'Next up are plant eating animals, which we call herbivores. They are the more peaceful animals which do no harm to anyone. Did you know that a gorilla is a herbivore and only eats plants?',
'The size of your animal is important information for me.',
'Understood, let's move on to fur. Fur keeps animals warm and cozy, like a built-in sweater. It can be short, long, fluffy, or sleek. Many mammals, like dogs, cats, and rabbits, are covered in fur to stay comfy!',
 'Alright then, I am interested in what type of animal you have in mind. Some animals don’t have babies alive, they lay eggs instead! Birds, reptiles, insects, and many more animals start as tiny eggs that hatch into babies.',
'Moving on to feathers. They’re light and fluffy, and they help many animals, like birds, stay warm, stay dry, and even fly! Feathers come in many shapes and colors, like tiny paintbrushes covering the body.',
'Let's continue to scales, which are hard and protective, like tiny shields on the animal’s body. Animals with scales, like snakes, lizards, and fish, use them to stay safe, glide through water, or move smoothly over land.',
'All right, let me test your knowledge for a time. You might have heard of the Big Five, these are the most famous wild animals that people love to spot on safaris.',
'For this question, think about animals such as tigers, snakes and those nasty jellyfish.',
'Before we move on to the next question let me learn you a new word: Nocturnal. This means that the animal is mostly active at night. Examples of these animals are owls, lions but also kangaroos.',
'Let's look at another detail, shells. Not many animals have shells, but I can name two! Crabs and turtles are both animals with shells.',
'For this question, think really careful. Some very large animals that seem slow at first can be extremely fast, such as elephants and giraffes.',
'Be careful what you answer for the following question, as most animals can jump! Not just monkeys, but all types of birds and insects use jumping to push themselves off. Even some water animals such as dolphins and crocodiles can jump really high out of the water.',
'Okay, so have you ever seen a zebra? They have such beautiful stripes!',
'Hmm I am getting hungry thinking of this question.',
'I hope you have once been to a farm, otherwise this might be a difficult question',
'You would not expect this, but many animals are native to Australia. Lots of birds and fish originated in Australia.',
'The next question is about omnivores. Omni means “all”, so these are the animals that eat everything, both plants and meat.',
'Most fish are very fast in water, especially compared to humans. However there are a few which are not so fast. Have you ever heard of starfish? They lie still on the bottom of the ocean without moving.'
'This question is about spots. Here I only mean animals that always have spots. Ignore animals that sometimes have spots, like cows or dogs.'









